client/README.md, before:

# DevTinder

- Create a Vite + React Application
- Remove unnecessary code and create a hello world app
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add Navbar component in App.jsx
- Create a Navbar seperate Component file
- Install react router dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route = /Body > RouteChilldren
- Create an Outlet in your body component
- Create a footer
- Create a Login Page
- Install axios
- CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to app with configuration : origin, credential : true
- Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
- Install Redux ToolKit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- install react redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- Navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constansts file + create a components folder 
- You should not be able to access other routes without login
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page
- Logout Feature
- Get the feed and add the feed in the store
- 
Body
    NavBar
    Route/ => Login
    Route/connection => Connection
    Router/profile = Profile

Commit message:

Created connections and connection request page

client/README.md, after:

# DevTinder

- Create a Vite + React Application
- Remove unnecessary code and create a hello world app
- Install Tailwind CSS
- Install Daisy UI
- Add Navbar component in App.jsx
- Create a Navbar seperate Component file
- Install react router dom
- Create BrowserRouter > Routes > Route = /Body > RouteChilldren
- Create an Outlet in your body component
- Create a footer
- Create a Login Page
- Install axios
- CORS - install cors in backend => add middleware to app with configuration : origin, credential : true
- Whenever you're making API call so pass axios => {withCredentials: true}
- Install Redux ToolKit - https://redux-toolkit.js.org/tutorials/quick-start
- install react redux + @reduxjs/toolkit => configureStore => Provider => createSlice => add reducer to store
- Add redux devtools in chrome
- Login and see if your data is coming properly in the store
- Navbar should update as soon as user logs in
- Refactor our code to add constansts file + create a components folder 
- You should not be able to access other routes without login
- If token is not present, redirect user to login page
- Logout Feature
- Get the feed and add the feed in the store
- Edit profile Feature
- Show Toast Message on save of profile
- New Page - See all the connections
- New Page - See all the connection Request
Body
    NavBar
    Route/ => Login
    Route/connection => Connection
    Router/profile = Profile
